Add Support policy to all SDKs (#764)
SalesforceCommerceCloud/pwa-kit: packages/commerce-sdk-react/README.md

-   [Routing](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/commerce/pwa-kit-managed-runtime/guide/routing.html)
-   [Phased Headless Rollouts](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/commerce/pwa-kit-managed-runtime/guide/phased-headless-rollouts.html)
-   [Launch Your Storefront](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/commerce/pwa-kit-managed-runtime/guide/launching-your-storefront.html)

> ## Support Policy
> Customers on existing support contracts are entitled to bug fixes and updates to the latest version of each major SDK version,
> for a period of 24 months from the time of a given version’s General Availability release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Update Policy
Bug fixes, security patches, and other updates are provided for 24 months after the general availability of each major version of the SDK (1.0, 2.0, and so on).
```
